Add Rundeck integration tile (#579)
DataDog/integrations-extras: rundeck/README.md

# Rundeck Integration

## Overview

> Rundeck further enhances Datadog notifications with automated workflow capabilities to help diagnose, and optionally remediate the issue.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rundeck further enhances Datadog notifications with automated workflow capabilities to help diagnose issues—and, optionally, to remediate them. 
```

Learn more about automating your runbooks to reduce incident time [on the Rundeck website][1].

Some example use cases are:

- If a Windows/Linux service is down, attempt to restart it

> - If NTP sync is off restart the NTP service on that machine

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If NTP sync is off, restart the NTP service on that machine
```

> - Cleanup logs and other file waste when disk space becomes full

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Clean up logs and other file waste when disk space becomes full
```

- Restart services in response to hung work queues
- Provision capacity in response to high utilization

> Use the instructions below to configure your first Datadog/Rundeck integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the instructions below to configure your Datadog/Rundeck integration.
```

## Setup

### Installation

> Prepare at least 1 Rundeck Job that you'd like to trigger using a Datadog alert.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prepare at least one Rundeck job that you would like to trigger using a Datadog alert.
```

### Configuration

#### Rundeck Setup

> 1. In your Rundeck Project click the **Webhooks** navigation option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In your Rundeck Project, click the **Webhooks** navigation option.
```

2. Click **Add**.

> 3. Give the Webhook a Name.  (e.g. *Datadog-Restart Service*)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Give the webhook a name.  (For example, *Datadog-Restart Service*)
```

> 4. Click the **Choose Webhook Plugin** button and select **Run Job***

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Click the **Choose Webhook Plugin** button and select **Run Job***.
```

5. Select the job you'd like to run when this webhook is triggered.

> 6. [optional] On the Options line enter the following text:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. [optional] In the **Options** line, enter the following text:
```

`-raw ${raw} -event_type ${data.event_type}`

> (This will make the full DataDog payload available as part of the job input options.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(This makes the full Datadog payload available as part of the job input options.)
```

> 7. Click **Create Webhook**.  The URL field will be automatically populated after the webhook is created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Click **Create Webhook**. The URL field is automatically populated after the webhook is created.
```

![rundeck-setup][2]

> #### Datadog Setup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Datadog setup
```

> 1. Open Datadog and click Integrations > Integrations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open Datadog and go to **Integrations > Integrations**.
```

2. Search for "webhooks".

![search-dd][3]

> 3. Click on the webhooks entry shown above.  It will open the configuration window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click on the webhooks entry shown above. It opens the configuration window.
```

![webhooks-config][4]

> 4. Click the New button and fill out the form:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Click the **New** button and fill out the form:
```

>   - Give the Webhook a Name (a)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Give the webhook a name (a)
```

>   - Paste the URL from your Rundeck Webhook in the URL line. [Step 7 in section above] (b)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Paste the URL from your Rundeck webhook in the URL line. This corresponds to Step 7 in the section above. (b)
```

>   - Click Save. (c)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Click **Save**. (c)
```

![webhook-fill][5]

> This Integration can be added to any alert notification in DataDog by adding the recipient of `@webhook-Rundeck_Restart_Service` _(name will vary based on what you named the webhook in step 4a)._ When the monitor triggers an alert the webhook will run the associated job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add this integration to any alert notification in Datadog by adding the recipient of `@webhook-Rundeck_Restart_Service`. The name varies based on what you name the webhook in step 4a. When the monitor triggers an alert, the webhook runs the associated job.
```

> _*Other plugins could be used as well (e.g. Advanced Run Job) depending on your use case._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Other plugins, such as Advanced Run Job, can also be used, depending on your use case.
```
